we have a brand new playable character
in the - mater University the
doppelganger and Laura shadow the
doppelganger completes her original
mission and becomes the instrument
ultimate adventure she's originally the
doppelganger of Laura which is also much
more powerful and much more dynamic and
much tougher and in some ways much more
vicious
whereas Laura would normally go through
a level one Explorer and fight through
certain situations doppelganger we just
user strength you just bejust buster
also we've taken a combat and we're
taking a combat and and we've kind of
moved away from her guns a little bit
and instead we've moved more into a more
of an arena we can crank up her speed we
can make her much much faster the
environments are huge the environments
are very dangerous
environments are alive the environments
are vibrant some of the most successful
spaces in tomb raider underworld with
big cabinets underworld spaces we're
taking those and bringing them to the
next level so that when the player walks
into a room they they're just jaw
dropped the environments themselves are
more dangerous the traps are more
dangerous and the whole thing is just
grittier
there's a lot more physics based a lot
more I guess you can say moving pieces
so the world feels a lot more alive and
definitely a lot bigger because the
doppelganger can move quicker and jump
higher jump farther so when you actually
go into these levels and you walk into
it as a player you actually see this
grad scale lots of stuff going on
motion everywhere it just feels so
exciting